Misc docs updates (#19341)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/migrating-from-previous-releases.md

## Uno Platform 5.6

> Uno Platform 5.6 contains one breaking change around the use of x:Load to align the behavior to WinUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uno Platform 5.6 contains one breaking change around using `x:Load` to align the behavior to WinUI.
```

### Lazy loading

> To align the behavior with WinUI, lazy loading using `x:Load="False"` and `x:DeferLoadStrategy="lazy"` is no longer affected with changes to the visibility of the lazily-loaded element. Previously, binding the `Visibility` property of the lazily-loaded element and then updating the source of the binding to make the element visible would cause the element to materialize (i.e. load). This is no longer the case. To load the element, add an `x:Name` to the element and call `FindName` with th given name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To align the behavior with WinUI, lazy loading using `x:Load="False"` and `x:DeferLoadStrategy="lazy"` is no longer affected by changes to the visibility of the lazily-loaded element. Previously, binding the `Visibility` property of the lazily-loaded element and then updating the binding source to make the element visible would cause the element to materialize (i.e. load). This is no longer the case. To load the element, add an `x:Name` to the element and call `FindName` with the given name.
```
